currencies.currency = Moneda
currencies.iso = Código ISO
currencies.symbol = Símbolo
currencies.local = Local (:symbol)
currencies.foreign = Extranjero (:symbol)
currencies.label = :currency (:symbol)
currencies.home_currency = Moneda local (:symbol)
currencies.afn = Afghanistan Afghani
currencies.all = Albania Lek
currencies.ars = Argentina Peso
currencies.awg = Aruba Guilder
currencies.aud = Australia Dollar
currencies.azn = Azerbaijan Manat
currencies.bsd = Bahamas Dollar
currencies.bbd = Barbados Dollar
currencies.byn = Belarus Ruble
currencies.bzd = Belize Dollar
currencies.bmd = Bermuda Dollar
currencies.bob = Bolivia Bolíviano
currencies.bam = Bosnia and Herzegovina Convertible Marka
currencies.bwp = Botswana Pula
currencies.brl = Brazil Real
currencies.bnd = Brunei Darussalam Dollar
currencies.bgn = Bulgaria Lev
currencies.khr = Cambodia Riel
currencies.cad = Canadian Dollar
currencies.kyd = Cayman Islands Dollar
currencies.clp = Chile Peso
currencies.cny = China Yuan Renminbi
currencies.cop = Colombia Peso
currencies.crc = Costa Rican Colón
currencies.hrk = Croatia Kuna
currencies.cup = Cuba Peso
currencies.czk = Czech Republic Koruna
currencies.dkk = Denmark Krone
currencies.dop = Dominican Republic Peso
currencies.xcd = East Caribbean Dollar
currencies.egp = Egypt Pound
currencies.svc = El Salvador Colon
currencies.eur = Euro
currencies.fkp = Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Pound
currencies.fjd = Fiji Dollar
currencies.ghs = Ghana Cedi
currencies.gip = Gibraltar Pound
currencies.gtq = Guatemala Quetzal
currencies.ggp = Guernsey Pound
currencies.gyd = Guyana Dollar
currencies.hnl = Honduras Lempira
currencies.hkd = Hong Kong Dollar
currencies.huf = Hungary Forint
currencies.isk = Iceland Krona
currencies.inr = India Rupee
currencies.idr = Indonesia Rupiah
currencies.irr = Iran Rial
currencies.imp = Isle of Man Pound
currencies.ils = Israel Shekel
currencies.jmd = Jamaica Dollar
currencies.jpy = Japan Yen
currencies.jep = Jersey Pound
currencies.kzt = Kazakhstan Tenge
currencies.kpw = Korea (North) Won
currencies.krw = Korea (South) Won
currencies.kgs = Kyrgyzstan Som
currencies.lak = Laos Kip
currencies.lbp = Lebanon Pound
currencies.lrd = Liberia Dollar
currencies.mkd = Macedonia Denar
currencies.myr = Malaysia Ringgit
currencies.mur = Mauritius Rupee
currencies.mxn = Mexico Peso
currencies.mnt = Mongolia Tughrik
currencies.mzn = Mozambique Metical
currencies.nad = Namibia Dollar
currencies.npr = Nepal Rupee
currencies.ang = Netherlands Antilles Guilder
currencies.nzd = New Zealand Dollar
currencies.nio = Nicaraguan Córdoba
currencies.ngn = Nigeria Naira
currencies.nok = Norway Krone
currencies.omr = Oman Rial
currencies.pkr = Pakistan Rupee
currencies.pab = Panama Balboa
currencies.pyg = Paraguay Guarani
currencies.pen = Peru Sol
currencies.php = Philippines Peso
currencies.pln = Poland Zloty
currencies.qar = Qatar Riyal
currencies.ron = Romania Leu
currencies.rub = Russia Ruble
currencies.shp = Saint Helena Pound
currencies.sar = Saudi Arabia Riyal
currencies.rsd = Serbia Dinar
currencies.scr = Seychelles Rupee
currencies.sgd = Singapore Dollar
currencies.sbd = Solomon Islands Dollar
currencies.sos = Somalia Shilling
currencies.zar = South Africa Rand
currencies.lkr = Sri Lanka Rupee
currencies.srd = Suriname Dollar
currencies.sek = Sweden Krona
currencies.chf = Switzerland Franc
currencies.syp = Syria Pound
currencies.twd = Taiwan New Dollar
currencies.thb = Thailand Baht
currencies.ttd = Trinidad and Tobago Dollar
currencies.try = Turkey Lira
currencies.tvd = Tuvalu Dollar
currencies.uah = Ukraine Hryvnia
currencies.gbp = United Kingdom Pound
currencies.uyu = Uruguay Peso
currencies.usd = US Dollar
currencies.uzs = Uzbekistan Som
currencies.vef = Venezuela Bolivar
currencies.vnd = Viet Nam Dong
currencies.yer = Yemen Rial
currencies.zwd = Zimbabwe Dollar